.TH "ideviceinstaller" 1
.SH NAME
ideviceinstaller \- Manage apps on iOS devices.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ideviceinstaller
[OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION

Allows to enumerate, install, upgrade, and uninstall apps on iOS devices.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B list
List installed apps on the device. Options:
.RS
.TP
.B \-\-user
List user apps only (apps installed by the user).
.B This is the default.
.TP
.B \-\-system
List system apps only (apps available from the system firmware).
.TP
.B \-\-all
List all types of apps.
.TP
.B \-\-xml
Print output as XML Property List.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-attribute ATTR
Specify attribute to return. This argument can be passed multiple times. If omitted and \f[B]\-\-xml\f[] is *not* specified, the default attributes \f[B]CFBundleIdentifier\f[], \f[B]CFBundleShortVersionString\f[], and \f[B]CFBundleDisplayName\f[] will be used. The attributes can be found in the app's Info.plist, but also some extra attributes exist. Some examples:
.RS
.TP
\f[B]StaticDiskUsage\f[]   disk usage of installed app
.TP
\f[B]DynamicDiskUsage\f[]  app user data disk usage
.TP
\f[B]Path\f[]              app installation location
.TP
\f[B]SignerIdentity\f[]    code signing identity
.TP
NOTE: It is suggested to always add CFBundleIdentifier to allow unique identification of the apps.
.RE
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-bundle\-identifier BUNDLEID
Only query given bundle identifier. This argument can be passed multiple times.
.RE
.TP
.B install PATH
Install app from a package file specified by PATH. PATH can also be a .ipcc
file for carrier bundle installation or a .app directory for developer
app installation.
.RS
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-sinf PATH
Pass an external SINF file located at PATH.
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-metadata PATH
Pass an external iTunesMetadata file located at PATH.
.RE

.TP
.B uninstall BUNDLEID
Uninstall app specified by BUNDLEID.

.TP
.B upgrade PATH
Upgrade app from a package file specified by PATH.

.SH LEGACY COMMANDS
The following commands are non-functional with iOS 7 or later.
.TP
.B archive BUNDLEID
Archive app specified by BUNDLEID. Options:
.RS
.TP
.B \-\-uninstall
Uninstall the package after making an archive
.TP
.B \-\-app_only
Archive application data only
.TP
.B \-\-docs_only
Archive documents (user data) only
.TP
.B \-\-copy=PATH
Copy the app archive to directory PATH when done
.TP
.B \-\-remove
Only valid when copy=PATH is used: remove after copy
.RE

.TP
.B restore BUNDLEID
Restore archived app specified by BUNDLEID.

.TP
.B list-archives
List archived apps on the device. Options:
.RS
.TP
.B \-\-xml
Print output as XML Property List.
.RE

.TP
.B remove-archive BUNDLEID
Remove app archive specified by BUNDLEID.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-udid UDID
Target specific device by UDID.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-network
Connect to network device.
.TP
.B \-w, \-\-notify-wait
Wait for app installed/uninstalled notification before reporting success of operation.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print usage information.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-debug
Enable communication debugging.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Print version information.

.SH AUTHORS
Nikias Bassen

Martin Szulecki

.SH ON THE WEB
https://libimobiledevice.org

https://github.com/libimobiledevice/ideviceinstaller
